Create findings-jan-2026.md (#185)
navapbc/oscer: docs/user-research/homepage-report-activities-flow/findings-jan-2026.md

# Usability 1: OSCER homepage and report activities findings

## Introduction
This document outlines the findings and recommendations derived from the moderated usability testing of the OSCER landing page and activity reporting flow. 

## Methodology

> **Format:** Moderated usability testing with 5 participants.

Reviewer: Just adding spaces to create a new line for these bullets

**Scenarios:** Users were asked to evaluate the homepage, review exemption criteria, and submit work hours or income.
**Key Tasks:** Identify site purpose, define "Community Engagement”, enter the exemption screener, and report activities.

## Key Insights

### Homepage information architecture & comprehension
Initial testing showed the homepage did not quite meet user expectations, however the purpose of the page was eventually understood. 
* Multiple users mentioned wanting a more personalized experience (e.g., being welcomed by name).

> * Expectations around the “Get started” button had mixed answers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Expectations around the “Get started” button to enter the Exemption Screener had mixed answers.
```

> * Most users expected more out of the information on the homepage. Topics that were brought up were: more information on what the site/program is about before asking them to take action, exemption types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Most users expected more context before taking action. They expected the homepage to explain what the site/program is and provide information about exemption types before they took any action.
```

### Document uploader is not intuitive.
When reporting activities, the document uploader CTA buttons and process confused users.
* Two users thought that the document was uploaded as soon as they “selected” it, instead of after clicking the “upload document” button.
* One user thought the “upload document” button was the file selector

### The "80-Hour" Requirement Context
The requirement was clear in number but vague in frequency.
* Users were unsure if the 80 hours were monthly, one-time, or cumulative.
* There was also confusion about whether this requirement is ongoing or temporary.

## Secondary Insights

### Successful UI Patterns
**Progress Indicators:** Step indicators (e.g., "1 of 5") significantly reduced anxiety. One participant noted, *"I love when there's bars... there's hope that it's going to end."*

**"Before You Start" Screens:** Most users valued knowing the time estimate and required documents before beginning.

**Save and Return:** The ability to save progress was consistently praised, allowing users to find documents without losing their work.

### Visual Design

> * The overall visual design was deemed clean, uncluttered, and easy to scan.

Reviewer: bullet seemed unnecessary
